Update Etherscan V2 docs (#1510)
foundry-rs/book: src/forge/deploying.md

- the contract address
- the contract name or the path to the contract `<path>:<contractname>`

> - your Etherscan API key (env: `ETHERSCAN_API_KEY`) (if verifying on Etherscan or similar explorers eg BscScan/BaseScan/Polygonscan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- your Etherscan API key (env: `ETHERSCAN_API_KEY`) (if verifying on Etherscan or similar explorers e.g. BscScan / BaseScan / Polygonscan).
```
